EnvyMud Release 2.2
Friday, 14th February 1997

Kahn		envy@envy.com



=== Configuring the Mud

The mud has certain characteristics you may wish to change.  Provided
is a excerpt from 'merc.h'.

	EXP_PER_LEVEL           1000
	MAX_SKILL               156
	MAX_CLASS               5
	MAX_RACE                41
	MAX_LEVEL               54

	PULSE_PER_SECOND	4
	PULSE_VIOLENCE		2 * PULSE_PER_SECOND
	PULSE_MOBILE		5	"
	PULSE_TICK		30	"
	PULSE_AREA		60	"

These variables are the most frequently changed items from within
EnvyMud.

EXP_PER_LEVEL defines how many exps per level a character must obtain
before reaching another level.  Envy like other Mercs uses a constant
number to define achievement of a character level.  If you were to
change this number, all you would have to do is create a formula to
define EXP_PER_LEVEL as.

MAX_SKILL defines the number of skills present in the game.  Skills
are defined in a static table in 'const.c'.  If you were to add any
new skills, you should modify this number.  See 'skill.txt' for more
information.

MAX_CLASS defines the number of classes present in the game.  Classes
are defined in a static table in 'const.c'.  If you were to add any
new classes, you must modify this number.  See 'class.txt' for more
information.

MAX_RACE defines the number of classes present in the game.  Races are
defined in a static table in 'const.c'.  If you were to add any new
classes, you must modify this number.  See 'race.txt' for more
information.

MAX_LEVEL defines the number of classes present in the game.  Levels
are used as indices in most cases like in the title table in
'const.c'.  See 'class.txt' for more information.

PULSE_PER_SECOND is the number of game_loop_* cycles required to
denote 1 real second.  This is an approximation.  There is no need to
change this number.

PULSE_VIOLENCE is the number of game pulses required for one combat
round.  See 'violence_update()' in 'fight.c'.  You might want to change
the modifier to your needs to make combat faster or slower.  Keep in
mind that combat spam is the leading cause of network traffic in the
mud.

PULSE_MOBILE is the number of game pulses required for each mobile
activity loop.  See 'mobile_update()' in 'update.c'.  You might want
to change the modifier to make non-combat mobile actions faster or
slower.

PULSE_TICK is the approximate number of game pulses required for each
game "tick".  The game modifies this number by some random number to
defeat robot timers and other mudclients which rely on tick
intervals.  See 'update_handler()' in 'update.c'.  You might want to
change the modifier to make the game time go faster or slower.

PULSE_AREA is the approximate number of game pulses required for each
area to reset.  The game modifies this number by some random number
and player occupation modifiers to defeat robot timers and other
mudclients which rely on tick intervals.  See 'area_update()' in
'db.c'.  You might want to change the modifier to make areas repop
faster or slower.

If you were to change these numbers, be sure to 'make clean' and
recompile the entire mud.
